Cancel the project contract
Why is that?
The Tang family really cancelled the cooperation with the Lin family
signed a contract
Could it be that what Pterodactyl Abyss said just now is true?
Otherwise, it is impossible for the Tang family to cancel the contract
That's a signing program.
Butler Tang, are you mistaken?
Our Lin family didn't do anything
I'm not mistaken
What did you do?
Don't you know?
Is it a leaf?
Long Yuan asked the Tang family to cancel the cooperation with my Lin family
That's not possible.
Ye Longyuan is just a waste to pursue him, he doesn't have that strength
This is my grandfather's order
I just convey
Why does this have anything to do with grandpa?
Daughter, things seem to be in trouble.
Son-in-law roll
It's not your business.
Long Yue just said it was a misunderstanding
Mom wants you to be successful too
We are family no matter what
Can you see if this contract can be done?
You were so arrogant just now
Why are you not arrogant now?
Where did you go just now?
You little super woman who seduces married men
What right do you have to speak?
You and I will teach you a lesson for your parents
Pain pain pain pain
Male mother
You are a stinky butler
Where did you get the courage?
Beating up a wealthy lady for a little bitch
You are courting death
Do you know who he is?
Who gave you the guts to yell at him?